He told me that he was about to give a student a zero for his answer to a physics question, but the student protested that it wasn't fair.
他告诉我，他要就一个学生给物理题做的答案判零分，可那个学生抗议说这不公平。

LVM allows you to create logical volumes out of the physical storage resources on your machine.
LVM可以让您在除机器上的物理存储资源以外创建逻辑卷。

The physical concept of those formulas is definitude . The formula can be used as a reference for the design of engineering.
该公式计算简单，物理概念明确，可为工程设计提供参考。

Our study shows that different physical observers will necessarily agree on the chaotic nature of the system.
“我们的研究表明不同的物理学观测者将会必然同意宇宙的混沌属性”。

But she said that "nothing - except maybe the physical structure of the building - was quite the same" .
但她说，“或许除了这些楼宇的物理结构，没什么相同的地方了。”

Jenny said that Mr. Liu would teach us physics the next year and that he would have been teaching physics for forty years by the next day.
珍妮说刘先生第二年将教我们物理，而到次日他教物理就已有四十年了。动作到那时仍将继续。

The girl is so interested in the physical world that she will no doubt be a great scientist.
那个女孩对物理世界非常感兴趣，毋庸置疑她将成为一个伟大的科学家。

And standards do not solve everything: RFID, like any other technology, is subject to the laws of physics.
同时，标准也不是能解决所有的事情——像其他技术一样，RFID也受到物理学的制约。

Physics tends to be dictated by fad and fashion. There are the gurus who dictate the direction in which new ideas grow.
物理学往往是直接与流行时尚挂钩。专家决定新思想的发展方向。

Monte Carlo methods have been used for decades in physics, engineering, statistics, and other fields.
蒙特卡罗方法已用于物理数十年来，工程，统计等领域。

Microsoft recommends that you put MS DTC in its own group with its own physical disk resource, if it is possible.
Microsoft建议尽可能将MSDTC放在自己的组和自己的物理磁盘资源中。

As a classical experiment, Newton ring experiment is usually used in measuring the radius of curvature of a lens.
牛顿环实验是大学物理实验中的一个基本实验，目前的实验只是用于测透镜曲率半径。

The physical media most commonly used to implement CAN networks is a differentially driven pair of wired with common return.
最一般使用执行能物理的媒介网络是用共同返回开车有线的双的一有差别。

In light of my personal teaching practice, learning disabilities turn out to be a widespread problem in high school physics teaching.
学习困难也是高中物理教学中学生所面临的一个普遍的问题，本人在教学过程中深有体会。

I knew you loved me, of course. It was written in your eyes when you looked at me, a physics problem with no clear answer.
当然我知道你爱我，从你的眼神里我看得出来，这是无法用物理解释的。

Directional solidification process is an important part that of the physical metallurgy of solar energy polysilicon.
定向凝固工艺是物理冶金法制备太阳能级多晶硅的一个重要环节。

Leading authorities agree that this new data is going to shatter many of the myths about aging and physical performance.
领导机关同意，这个新的数据将打破神话的许多有关老龄化和物理性能。

The renowned astrophysicist said he fears mankind is in great danger and its future "must be in space" if it is to survive.
天体物理学家说，他为人们处在危险的环境中担心，未来“一定在太空”中才能生存。

A graduate of London University with a degree in philosophy, he teaches physics at a secondary school in London.
一伦敦大学与一专业的学位哲学一起的毕业生，他教在在伦敦内的一所中学的物理学。

The reference trajectory is a classic second order curve. The controller parameters have clear physical meaning and are easy to tune.
其参考轨迹是一条典型的二阶曲线，控制器参数具有明显的物理意义，且易于整定。

This section shows you how to do this using a physical model and its objects. A similar approach can be used for logical models as well.
本节展示如何使用一个物理模型及其对象来实现这个目标——对于逻辑模型也可以使用类似的方法。

And I'm going to spend the next few minutes trying to convince you that physics can teach us something about marketing.
接下来我要花上几分钟的时间要你们相信物理学可以教给我们一些关于市场营销的知识。

Sometimes I said the words out of context to see if by deflection, some quirk of physics, the meaning would suddenly come to me.
有时，我割裂地来说这些词，看看会不会通过偏离，通过某种物理的突然扭曲，我会突然想出其中的意义。

Physics has never been my favorite subject, but I think I am sure to be able get a good mark next exam as long as Ms. Chen teaches me.
物理从来不是我最喜欢的学科，但我觉得有陈老师教我，今后考试我一定会考得不错的。

He said the bid had even been supported by physicists working on the LHC who saw it as an "excellent opportunity for particle physics" .
他说，这个全力甚至获得工作在年夜型强子对撞机的物理学家们的撑持，他们理解这是“粒子物理学的极好机缘”。

At least one physicist, though, thinks there is nothing meta about the question at all.
然而却有一位物理学家认为该问题其实一点也不抽象。

The parameters of the microenvironment can be detected through picking up eigenvalues of the surface plasma resonance spectra.
通过提取表面等离子共振光谱特点值，我们就可以检测到微环境的相关物理量。

Physics and magic aren't often mistaken, but increasingly, physicists themselves seem to be trying to change that.
物理学和魔术通常不会被搞混淆，但是，物理学家们似乎正在努力逐渐改变这个事实。

It could almost be said to be a law of physics, a principle that reigns over all created multitudes, whether they have genes or not.
它也可以说是由物理学和创新的东西组成的，无论它们是否有基因。

When automatic detection is in use, a machine is considered server-class if it has at least two CPUs and two gigabytes of physical memory.
在使用自动探测时，如果一台机器拥有至少两个CPU和2GB物理内存，就会把它当成服务器。

Financial engineering not pure science professional (mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and so on) easy to apply for a scholarship.
金融工程专业没有纯理科的专业（数学，物理，化学，生物等等）容易申请得到奖学金。

Moving the name resolution up into the cluster means routing is no longer tied to the physical network connectivity.
将名称解析向上移动到集群意味着路由不再与物理网络连接绑定在一起。

I'd like you to help me with my physics.
我想请你帮助我学习物理。

We have seen how a logical level URI address is resolved to a physical level endpoint and bound to it for the time it takes to process.
我们已经知道了一个逻辑层的URI地址是如何被解析为物理层端点以及开始处理时是如何绑定的。

A cloud's type is usually defined in terms of where the physical resources and data reside.
云的类型常常根据物理资源和数据的位置定义。

The surface physicochemical properties of hydroxyl terminated polybutadiene(HTPB)were studied by means of inverse gas chromatography(IGC).
采用气相反相色谱技术（IGC）研究了端羟基聚丁二烯（HTPB）粘合剂的表面物理化学性质。

Yet this seems to be the aspiration of many economists, who notoriously suffer from "physics envy" .
然而这似乎是许多经济学家的抱负——他们出名地遭受着“物理嫉妒”的折磨。

In ancient times the psyche was conceived as a microcosm, and this was one of the characteristics attributed to the psychophysical man.
在古代，心灵被构想为一个小宇宙。这就是被归属给心理物理学的人其中一个特性。

Fortunately, a bit of discipline can work around these problems and even improve your uptime in the physical data center!
幸运的是，有一些规则能够解决这些问题，甚至改善您在物理数据中心的运行时间！

Kinley said he would also like to work with a university doing research in high-temperature physics.
金利说，他也想同一个物理大学从事研究工作温度高。

By turning off this regulatory mechanism the body can stay in a state of anabolic metabolism (growth) for longer periods of time.
依据转动这个调整自然现象产生的物理机制身体能够保持在合成新陈代谢（成长）状态能够有更长的时间。

They found that the brains of the bilingual people appeared to be in worse physical condition.
他们发现，双语病人的大脑处在更糟糕的物理状态。

Now, the purpose of this exercise is to give you a little bit of practice in figuring out what these quantities are.
就有这样的结论，这个练习的作用时让你们理解，这些物理量是什么。

The rule of Quest Physics goes something like this: if you're brave enough to leave behind everything familiar and comforting.
探索的物理性原则大致可以这样说，如果你能够勇敢到可以放下所有你感到舒适又熟悉的一切。

I had been a member of the class committee in charge of the course of physics until graduation from junior high school.
到初中毕业，我一直担任物理科代表，后来的班主任姓李，戴着一副眼镜。

As for dark energy, physicists do not know what it is, let alone how to calculate how much information it can store.
至于暗能量，物理学家并不知道它究竟是什麽东西，更别说要如何计算它可储存的资讯量了。

This week a team of physicists and materials scientists announced it had devised a pattern for a potentially perfect invisibility cloak.
本周，一个由物理学家和材料学家组成的小组宣布，该小组已经设计出了原型机，未来可用于制造高性能的隐身衣。

This physical perspective assumes that all parts of the system interoperate with one another with no issues or problems.
这个物理角度假定系统的所有部分都可以顺利地进行互操作。

Until recently, it was generally agreed that this would turn out to be a form of string theory.
直到最近，人们才一致同意它应该是某种类似超弦理论的物理理论。

Regions in a process's virtual address space can be mapped to physical memory, to a file, or to any other addressable storage.
进程的虚拟地址空间中的区域可被映射到物理内存、文件或任何其他可寻址存储。

Contacts and calendars also cannot be updated over the airwaves, but require the iPhone to be physically docked with a computer.
联系人名单和日程表也不能无线更新，而是要求iPhone与电脑物理连接后才能更新。

He explained that it was surprising to be able to link Einstein's general theory of relativity to a totally different area of physics.
他很吃惊的发现能将爱因斯坦的相对论和一个完全不同的物理领域联系起来。

Lee Grodzins supervised my senior thesis in nuclear physics and provided me with a wonderful research experience and with his friendship.
李·格罗津斯指导我做核物理的毕业论文，教给我宝贵的研究经验，也给了我许多友爱。

Repository administrator: This role is responsible for the physical management of the repository and can be combined with any other role.
储存库管理员：该角色对储存库的物理管理负责，并且可以与其他任意的角色联合工作。

And now let's just use the little bit of physical intuition that we're thinking about here, to refine this just a little bit.
现在我们利用一些物理，直觉来进一步，确定这个问题。

It has come to our attention that many of you are underestimating the power that you hold regarding that of physical and mental ability.
得到我们注意的原因是你们许多人还是低估了你们自身持有的物理与精神的能力。

They were, you know, engineers, physicists, mathematicians, architects, furniture designers even, artists.
他们是：工程师、物理学者、数学家、建筑师、家具设计师、还有艺术家。

The singularity is located at the heart of a black hole, and is the place where the laws of physics and space-time break down.
奇点位于黑洞的中心，物理和时空法则在这里失去作用。

BIOS is one of just a handful of institutes worldwide that regularly monitor the ocean for physical and chemical changes.
百慕大研究所正式世界上仅有的几个能够定期监控海洋物理和化学变化的机构之一。

Quantum mechanics achieved herewith a character wholly different, in epistemological respects, from that of classical physics and mechanics.
从认知方面来说，量子力学因此而获得了一个完全不同于经典物理学和力学的特性。

The contribution which he made to modern physics is unique.
他为现代物理做出的贡献是独一无二的。

OK, now what we'd like to do is be able to calculate any of these quantities in terms of temperature, pressure, volume properties.
现在我们想要做的是能够利用，温度，压强和体积的性质，计算上面的物理量。

Until now, physicists didn't know how much less accurate it was.
到目前为止，物理学家不知道它有多少的不准确。

Physical property: Yi Rongyu the water, sees the air to be easy to decompose.
物理性质：易溶于水，见空气易分解。

He presented me with a physics problem that he couldn't seem to solve.
他给我看了一道物理题，这题貌似他解答不了。

Unless some new laws of physics intervene, the matter will shrink down to a singular point.
除非有某些新的物理定律起作用，否则物质将一直收缩到奇点。

We are assured that you know people with the limited physical opportunities or public organizations which provide help to such people.
我们保证，您知道人与有限的物理机会，或公营机构提供帮助，这样的人。

The microstructure and thermal physical properties of the surface reaction al layer determine the range of strength improvement.
材料表面反应物层的微观形貌及热物理性能决定了材料抗弯强度的提高幅度。

Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist. Perhaps if she'd also denied him christmas, he'd be a little better at it.
莱纳德长大后现在是一位实验物理学家。也许如果她还不让他过圣诞节，他还会更出色些。

The profound effects of musculoskeletal pain and injury on motor control have been a focus among recent physiotherapy research.
探讨肌肉骨骼系统之疼痛与伤害对动作控制的影响已成为现今物理治疗研究重点之一。

Since the 1960s some theorists have floated the idea that when a massive star collapses into a black hole, it gives rise to a new universe.
自上世纪六十年代以来理论物理学家间流传着这样一种说法认为当大质量恒星塌陷为黑洞时，从中便诞生出了一个新的宇宙。

If the physical properties were inferior to steel, we would expect to see aircraft made of materials other than aluminum.
如果物理性能不亚于钢铁，我们希望看到飞机了其他的材料比铝。

DA: A physicist will tell me that this armchair is made of vibrations and that it's not really here at all.
大卫·爱登堡：物理学家会告诉我，这把扶手椅根本就不存在，它只是振动的结果。

After receiving a bachelor's degree, however, he decided, with typical modesty, that he was "not smart enough to be a physicist" .
然而在得到学士学位之后，Ritchie以他特有的谦虚谨慎认定自己“想要成为一个物理学家还不够聪明”。

Force is not the only physical quantity which requires the specification of a direction in space as well as a magnitude.
需要表明大小和方向的物理量，不只是力。

The emphasis is on play: it's easy to add in planets, zoom in and out, change the physical constants, save and load configurations, etc.
它的主题在于它的可玩性：可以方便地增加行星，对场景进行缩放，修改物理常量，保存和加载配制，等等。

The normal state and superconducting properties of the cupric oxide superconductors is one of the front research. . .
铜氧超导体的正常态和超导态性质的研究是目前凝聚态物理乃至整个物理学中的前沿课题之一。

they might not know anything about physics or trigonometry, but they play as if they do.
他们可能不知道的物理或三角学什么，但他们发挥，如果他们做的事。

Researchers do not know, however, the physical state of this material, its exact composition, purity or accessibility.
不过，研究人员并不知道这些物质的物理状态，确实的组成，纯度和如何取得。

The important thing is the physical picture; math is nothing but bookkeeping.
最重要的是物理图像，数学不过是记账。

RD: There does seem to be a sense in which physics has gone beyond what human intuition can understand.
理查德·道金斯：有人认为物理学研究已经超越了人类直觉所能理解的范畴。

Physical modeling addresses the question of "how" for the model, which represents implementation reality in a given computing environment.
物理建模为模型解决“如何”之类的问题，这表示给定的计算环境中实现的真实性。

With youthful enthusiasm, Alia presents math and physics in ways that make them easier for her students to understand.
艾莉亚以充满年轻活力的热忱来教授数学和物理，并以深入浅出的方式让学生更易于理解。

It was this work, referred to as Two New Sciences, even more than his support for Copernicus, that was to be the genesis of modern physics.
正是这本被称为《两种新科学》的书，甚至比支持哥白尼更进一步，成为现代物理学的起源。

Although a Nobel prize is awarded to no more than three individuals, fundamental physics is often done as teamwork.
尽管一次诺贝尔奖最多只能授予三人，基础物理学却常常以团队研究完成。

I attended physical therapy three times a week for nearly six months and complemented it with an individual home program.
在此后的将近六个月里，我每周接受三次的物理治疗，并以个人家中项目作为辅助。

TOAST offered a means of settlement, allow big field to the value is compressed or break up to go for many physics.
TOAST提供了解决方法，允许大的字段值被压缩或分裂为多个物理行。

In Newtonian physics, however, no such acceleration can occur unless at least one of the objects is being operated on by a force.
在牛顿物理学，然而，没有这样的加速，就可能发生，除非至少有一个物体正在运作的一支部队。

Physics tells us that the magnitude of this force is going to be, well, G is just a constant.
物理告诉我们，力的大小会是G乘上。。。

Physics tells us that the magnitude of this force is going to be, well, G is just a constant.
物理告诉我们，力的大小会是G乘上。。。

Each of these motors has different characteristics due to its basic circuit arrangement and physical properties.
每种类型的电动机由于其基本电路的不同而具有不同的特征和物理特性。

"It may be a question of being in the right place at the right time, " says Roger Blandford, a theoretical astrophysicist at Caltech.
“在正确的时间，正确的地点，这可能是个问题。”罗杰·布兰德福德说，他是加州理工学院的天体物理理论学家。

Because information cannot be conveyed faster than light, the horizon defines the sphere of influence of any physical mechanism.
由于资讯的运载与传播不能比光速快，视界因而限定了物理机制所能影响的范围。

The key to understanding this phenomenon lies not in magnetism nor in any sort of mystical ability but instead in the physics of friction.
理解这种现象的主要方面既不是在磁性也不是在神秘力量而是摩檫力的物理性质。

The need to move to a balanced awareness that considers physical needs along with spiritual truths will take several years of your time.
移动到一个平衡意识的需要将花费你们数年的时间——这平衡意识同时考虑物理需求和灵性真相。

Though realism may be a tempting viewpoint, what we know about modern physics makes it a difficult one to defend.
尽管真实可能是一个挺诱惑人的观点，但是我们对现代物理学的所知使得此观点抵挡住人们的异议。

So I think if these precision laboratory measurements would find changes that are consistent with that, that would be very strong evidence.
所以我觉得如果这些实验室里的，对于常数变化的精密的测量，与天体物理的发现一致的话，那将是非常有力的证据。

It began with a state of total order (perfection? ), which in astrophysical terms is thought of as an explosion.
最初是一个全序状态（完美？），按照天体物理学的术语，就是一个大爆炸。

Fractal is an order state of far from equilibrium from the point of physics.
分形从物理学上来看就是一种远离平衡态的有序。

The formulation of a mathematical model of a structure first requires the idealization of the structure into a mechanical model.
欲建立结构物数学模型，首先要求将结构物理想为一个力学模型。

From the physic point of view, no matter how much the wavelength is , the color it may have.
从物理学的观点来看，不同的波长有多少种，颜色就有多少种。

"Physics was one of the first disciplines to really develop a strong electronic presence, " Goetsch said.
“一些学科真正开发出了强大的电子的呈现，物理学是最早的几个学科之一。”Goetsch说。

Her name was now Marie, and she was now an official scientist, studying the properties of magnetism for her doctorate in physics.
她的名字从那时起，改称为玛丽，成了一位攻读博士学位，研究物理学中磁性质的正式的科学家。

However, since the stakes are so high, that hasn't stopped teams of enterprising physicists from trying to solve superstring theory.
然而，由于利害关系如此之高，这并没有阻止试图解决超弦理论的物理学家团队进取。

The next activity is to turn this model into a physical model that is constrained by the technology we'll use to realize it.
下一个环节是把这个模型放到一个物理模块中，这个问题受限于我们实现它所使用的技术。

But the point is to highlight that we don't actually have nearly as clear a concept of what a physical property is as we might wish.
重点需要强调的是，物理性质的概念是什么，实际上与我们想象的一样清晰。

In the past, IT administrators have had a tough job of trying to match expected demand to physical resources.
过去，IT管理员的一项艰苦工作就是尝试将预期的要求与物理资源进行匹配。

Economists were trying to lead the economy as if their predictions were as accurate as those of physicists.
经济学家们总在试图引导经济，就好像他们的预测能同物理学家们的预测一样精确似的。

And presents the certification authority(CA)system model and system architecture, then presents the question of the Grid CA system.
并给出了CA认证在高能物理网格中的工作模型和体系结构，讨论了其优点和尚存在的问题。

Even after working and optimizing the asteroids for a week until they rendered at a great performance, the physics were still way too slow.
用了一个星期的时间来优化小行星的，并获得了不错的渲染效果，物理过程的运行依然缓慢。

Let me first say that physicists, from a fairly early age, are fascinated by the universe and its fantastic wonders.
让我首先指出，物理学家，从相当早的时代，是由它的神奇和宇宙奇观着迷。

Though realism may be a tempting viewpoint, as we'll see later, what we know about modern physics makes it a difficult one to defend.
虽然现实主义也许是诱人的观点，正如我们将在下文看到的，我们有关现代物理的知识使得要为它辩护变得非常困难。

being doing the work you love as soon as possible, even if you don't get paid for it, or if you can only work at it part-time.
去做那些你热爱的工作，即使你不能得到报酬，或者你只能在业余时间做。艾伯特。爱因斯坦没有能够得到一份物理学教授的工作。

Physicists don't know how much the excited quark should weigh, if it exists, but they have set lower limits on its mass.
如不美观受激夸克存在的话，物理学家们不知道它应该有多重，可是他们已经确定了其质量的下限。

Is the university a physics industrial plant that churns out majors ready to be sold?
难道一所大学就是一个物理工厂批量生产学生待价出售吗？

This is an attempt to describe or depict the phenomenon in terms of a logical physical or mathematical representation.
这是一个试图说明或描述的现象在一个合理的物理或数学的代表性。

Students might have had to choose between chemistry or physics, or stop after two years of Spanish.
学生不得不在化学和物理中做出选择，或放弃学了两年的西班牙语。

This SPU context is treated like a physical SPU, and the current implementation enforces a direct mapping between them.
这个SPU上下文会被当成一个类似的物理SPU对待，当前的实现可以在它们之间强制进行直接映射。

Some physicists heavily criticised the paper, while others gave it a cautious welcome.
一些物理学家猛烈批评了这篇论文，另有一些对它表示谨慎的欢迎。

You know you're in a dream world when the physical laws of the universe appear to have changed.
你在一个宇宙物理定律好像已经改变了的世界。

Ting, as one of the most outstanding experimental physics crested class, his quest spirit deserves to call with the science achievement way.
丁肇中作为现代最杰出的实验物理学顶级大师，其探索精神和科学成就值得称道。

A video shows him receiving physical therapy, but apparently unable to communicate and with little awareness of his surroundings.
录像显示，他接受物理治疗，但显然无法沟通，并与小的认识，他周围的环境。

He was anxious. What was the reaction of the physics community to his great paper , silence.
他很焦急。而物理社区对他的反应则是——沉默。

That Cui Qi received the 1998 Nobel Prize did not come as a surprise to physicists, but I was still elated by the news.
崔琦获得1998年诺贝尔奖的消息，虽然不出乎物理学界的意料，仍然给我带来了极大的欢欣。

Physicists know how much dark matter the universe contains in total, but not how much each individual WIMP weighs.
物理学家已经知道宇宙中包含的暗物质总量，却不知道单个WIMP的重量。

The physical and mathematical models of the bottom hole fluids with the heat transfer are established, analyzed, and rectified.
结合理论研究方法和热力学计算，建立了井下流体热交换的物理和数学模型，并对模型进行了分析、矫正和求解。

It's not just a rule in physics. There's a strong cultural expression: opposites attract.
这并不仅仅是一条物理规律，还有其深厚的文化表述：异性相吸。

for the general laws on which the structure of theoretical physics is based claim to be valid for any natural phenomenon whatsoever.
因为，作为理论物理学结构基础的普遍定律，应当对任何自然现象都有效。

After all, how much molecular biology will even the average condensed-matter physicist understand?
即使是一般的凝聚态（condensed-matter）物理学家又能懂多少分子生物学呢？

When the base of the plume moved, the rest of the feather acted as if it were a spring pendulum -- a fairly standard physics equation.
当羽毛的底座移动的时候，羽毛的其他部分会按照弹簧摆的运动方式来运动——这是个颇为标准的物理方程。

Superconductivity is one of those nearly magical properties that seem to defy all intuition for how the physical world ought to work.
超导是很神奇的一种性质，这种性质与人们对物理世界的一些直观印象相悖。

In many physical situations, the Hamiltonian of the system is composed of an unperturbed Hamiltonian and a perturbation.
在很多物理情况下，系统的哈密顿量由未扰动哈密顿量与扰动势两部分所组成。

people afraid of the dark, the eminent British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking said in an interview published on Monday.
英国著名理论物理学家霍金在本周一刊登的一次采访中称，天堂是“为害怕黑暗的人编造的童话”。

If your data resides on only a few spindles, what is the point exactly of having multiple logical unit numbers (LUNs) or physical disks?
如果您的数据仅位于几个轴，那么使用多个逻辑单元号（LUN）或者物理磁盘又有什么实际意义呢？

The book covers the basic Physics behind MRI, quality assurance, up-to-date safety guidelines and a useful gallery of image artefacts.
书在MRI，质量保证，流行的安全指南和一个图像人工制品的有用的画廊后面包括基本的物理学。

One morning my physics teacher walked up to me at my locker before school and asked me to step inside his classroom.
一天早上，我在储物柜前，我的物理老师就走过来叫我去他上课的教室一趟。

Any student with a working knowledge of calculus, physics and chemistry should be able to read this book.
任何一个微积分，物理和化学的工作经验的学生应该能够读这本书。

By monitoring how these jets formed, physicists were able to see how the intensely chaotic turmoil evolved.
通过监测这些喷射的形成，物理学家们得以了解这种激烈的混沌混乱状态的演化。

This seems to be one of the few instances in plasma physics where nature works in our favor.
看来这是等离子体物理学中几个自然行为偏袒我们的例子中的一个。

Fundamental physics is genuinely difficult, and the crucial role of symmetry is often a subtle one.
基础物理真正地困难的在于对对称的关键的角色经常是很微妙的。

Because physical resources were the same, having two servers might have led to greater efficiency of the resources.
由于物理资源是相同的，使用两个服务器就能提高资源的效率。

However even in play often the children of many species become sexually excited, as sexuality is a part of physical existence.
甚至在嬉戏当中，许多族类的幼仔也变得对性感兴趣，因为性是物理层的一部分。

The physical sciences underlying structural engineering began to be understood in the Renaissance and have been developing ever since.
以物理学为基础的结构工程学在文艺复兴时代开始被人了解，而且从那以后一直在发展着。

My undergraduate experience convinced me that I was not smart enough to be a physicist, and that computers were quite neat.
我的肄业生的经历使我意识到自己没有做一名物理学家的潜质，而那时计算机正是一个新兴的学科。

In a few person eyes, the physics is like that monotonous , like that difficult to comprehend , what "beauty " but the word does that have?
在一些人眼中，物理学是那样枯燥，那样难懂，那有什么“美”可言呢？

Needless to say, the implications are profound, and physicists are only beginning to explore them.
不用说，它的涵义当然极为深奥，而物理学家才正刚开始要著手探究。

The method has a strong physical basis and a high mimic accuracy, but the extensional forecast accuracy will wait to be examined by facts.
该方法有较强的物理成因基础，模拟精度较高，外延预报精度有待事实检验。

There is no need for a daily download of a file in a specific format that has to be supported by the physical platform of your choice.
这样就无需每天下载一个特定格式的文件，也不用管你选择的物理平台支持哪种文件。

I would like to share a story where music broke through a physical barrier and made a connection with a young student.
我想分享一个故事，在音乐，突破了物理屏障，并提出了一个年轻的学生连接。

Routers connect two or more logical subnets, which do not necessarily map one-to-one to the physical interfaces of the router.
路由器连接两个或多个逻辑子网，不一定地图一对一的物理接口的路由器。

Nobody would take the place of him in the field of Physics.
在物理学这一领域里，无人能替代他

In 2010 astrophysicists found a pair of, well, blobs hovering above and below the plane of our Milky Way galaxy.
2010年，天体物理学家们发现了一对儿东东，正悬浮在我们银河系盘面的两端。

Conversely, if the purchase of the rights to own public key quantifiable terms, that he has no reason not to pay management fees physics?
反过来，如果购房者对自己拥有公共部位的权益可以量化计算，那他有什么理由不缴纳物理管理费呢？

The physical test environment shown in Figure 3 has been used to test the Call Forwarding sample.
图3显示的物理测试环境，用于测试CallForwarding示例。

You ponder the state of life you are fantasizing as if you were physically real instead of a thought.
你沉思想象的生命状态，好像你的物理层面真的代替了思考。

To see such effects, physicists first have to suck out every possible quantum and leave a beam in its least-energetic "ground state. "
为了目睹这种效应，物理学家首先需要吸出每一个可能的量子，让光束处于能量最小的“基态”。

Which one of us that knows something about physics does not know this?
我们当中懂得一些物理的人有谁不知道这个呢？

No matter how magical virtualization technology might seem, when you run out of a physical resource, your performance is going to suffer.
无论虚拟化技术可能看起来有多么的神奇，当您的物理资源不足时，性能将会受到影响。

But how much do its mechanical constructions, with their roots in Newtonian physics, tell us about the springs of human behaviour?
但建立在牛顿物理学基础之上的机械构造，能够告诉我们多少有关人类行为动机的事情？

For all the hustle and bustle, though, there are only a few interpretations that seem to matter to most physicists.
撇开这些熙攘热闹的景象，对大多数物理学家来说，只有少数解释至关重要。

The way we behave is often best explained in terms of both perspicuous not directly in physical terms.
我们的行为往往最好地解释了，物理术语既通达又隐晦的表达方式。

The purpose of a library's physical location is perceived to be shifting from one of providing tools for research, to that of entertainment.
图书馆的物理存在正在从一个提供搜索工具的地方向提供一个娱乐环境转变。

But one that you might have seen in physics, we care about maybe where is the center of mass of a given object?
但你们可能也在物理学中见过了，就是求一个给定物体的重心？

Once your space is organized, you are ready to begin the other significant preparation phase of your project, the mental preparation.
一旦你的物理空间已经打理完毕，你就要开始准备进入你的工作的另一个重要的阶段，那就是心理准备阶段。

Unless a tiny black hole turns up in the collisions of a powerful particle accelerator, that may be the best physicists can hope for.
除非通过强力粒子加速器的撞击创造一个微小的黑洞，这样的实验可能是物理学家能盼望的最好结果了。

The physical properties of the compound have come up to ASTM standard and can compare with some commercial products both at home and abroad.
该胶料的各种物理性能均达到了美国ASTM标准规定的指标，与国内外几种商品防水卷材的性能相当。

Therefore it is often attachment that causes the sensation of pain in the physical in ascension.
因此，连接通常在提升中导致了物理实相中痛苦的情感。

One has got to build a lot of technology. One's got to build a structure that's probably at least as deep as existing physics.
一方面要发展技术一方面要建立架构这架构至少要达到现有物理学的深度。

Logical volume management is a disk abstraction layer that allows you to group physical disks into a single entity called a volume group.
逻辑卷管理是一个磁盘抽象层，它可以将多个物理磁盘分组成称为卷组（volumegroup）的单一实体。

Before executing, the test adjusts its total memory usage according to how much real and virtual memory exist on the system.
在执行之前，测试会根据系统中存在多少物理和虚拟内存来调整其总的内存使用情况。

It is an easy-to-use tool allowing you to work both with logical and physical data models in the form of an entity-relationship diagram.
这是一个易于使用的工具，让您的工作既符合逻辑和物理数据模型的形式是实体关系图。

He made a promise that he would come to help me with physics.
他答应要来帮我学物理。而

The idea is to be able to "sign" digital documents in such a way that the signature is as legally binding in court as a physical signature.
该思想是能够以某种方式“签署”一份数位文件，该签名具有和物理签名一样的法律效力。

But if we assume for a minute that physics holds the potential for a revolution in thinking, would we be able to see one coming?
但是如果我们假设物理学仍然有出现革命性思想的潜力，我们究竟能不能等到它出现的那一天呢？

"I felt as if I had been struck with a physical blow, " Churchill wrote. He said he was overpowered by a sense of deep and permanent loss.
“丘吉尔写道：”我觉得，如果我一直与物理打击击中，。他说，他击败了深刻而永久丧失感。

The stratiform cloud can be simulated with a one-dimensional model, duo to its uniform horizontal distribution of physical characters.
层状云由于在水平上较为均匀，可以用一维模式来模拟其云微物理过程。

Matter in motion, which used to seem so unquestionable, turns out to be a concept quite inadequate for the needs of physics.
行为的物质，以往看起来那么不容置疑，此刻已经成为一个无法餍足物理学必要的不雅见识。

Justice and public confidence in a few physical differences on the number, (to) see what unit of multiples.
公理数和公信数是物理上的区别，（要）看以何为单位、为倍数。

It's been a bit of a conundrum for astrophysicists.
对天体物理学家们来说，这是一个难题。

With inflation there is no connection between the physics of one universe and that of another.
暴胀宇宙学中宇宙和宇宙之间的物理法则没有关联。

One expert believes the best sun protection combines physical sun blocks with chemical ones, as many sun screens break down in the sun.
一个专家深信防护日光最好是将物理防护与化学防护相结合，因为很多防晒霜在日光下会被分解。

Physicists today are still hunting for an explanation of superconductivity, which seems to contradict some of our basic ideas about nature.
物理学家们仍在研究超导电性的解释，这种似乎与我们某些有关的自然机本观念相矛盾的。

Requiring your little girl to get A's in math and physics sure seems to kick the shit out of stereotype threat. . .
要求你的小女儿在数学和物理上拿A，肯定看起来能够改变那该死的成见。

He said the problem in our economy is the one thing that economists have in their system which does not obey the laws of physics.
他说，我们的经济问题是一种存在于经济学家自己的理论体系中的东西，该体系并没有遵循物理规律。

This was not a situation where the geophysical stresses were ratcheting up in a sequence that demands release.
这是不是地球物理强调棘轮在一个序列中，要求释放的情况。

Astronomers measure how much dark matter lies in galaxies by a fluke of physics called gravitational lensing.
天文学家通过一种叫做引力透镜效应的物理现象来测算星系中暗物质的质量。

If I were your partner, I can able to be choose to become a American Physical Therapist (or) Chiropractic Doctor (or) Army in U. S.
如果我是你的配偶，我有能力去选择成为一个美国物理治疗师或美国军队的脊椎神经专科医生。

Shortly into his studies, Liu Xing fixates on the Dark Matter theory, one of the great unchartered areas of physics.
刘星在研究工作开始不久，便专注于物理学界尚未形成规范领域的暗物质理论。

He found inspiration in an unlikely place: the physics of condensed matter, including the material of the moment - pencil lead.
他从一个不太可能的地方找到灵感：凝聚态物理，包括之前提到的材料——铅笔芯。

Could come to my home to help me with my Physics the day after tomorrow.
后天你能来我家帮助我的物理吗？

At 19, when I began studying astrophysics, it did not bother me in the least to be the only woman in the classroom.
在19岁的时候，我开始学习天体物理学，作为班上唯一的女性，我一点也不觉得苦恼。

A wave phenomenon sharing the physical nature of sound but with a range of frequencies below that of human hearing.
次声一种波现象，它有声音的物理特性和频率又在人耳的听力范围之内

So physicists got to wondering whether radiation pressure could be harnessed to help an item soar.
因此，物理学家开始忖度能否利用辐射压力使物体高飞。

He thought that statistical physics was more to his liking.
他认为他更喜欢统计物理。

As I said, physicists do not become scientists for the money, so I don't want to downplay the financial problems that you may face.
正如我所说，物理学家不会成为科学家们的钱，所以我不想淡化的财务问题，你可能面临。

Computer science is often linked to mathematics and physics.
计算机科学经常和数学以及物理联系在一起。

Psychological data is often obtained from subjective assessment, it has larger error compared with physical data.
心理学的数据往往是通过主观评判得到的，和物理学的数据相比有较大的误差。

The bubbles method is a recently developed variant of reverse correlation methods that have been used in psychophysics and physiology.
气泡的方法是最近开发的变体扭转相关方法中采用了心理物理学和生理学。

Let's examine the matter from physical angle. "Force" will be able to be passed on in any medium.
从物理学的角度讲，“力”在任何介质中都会传递。

When a substance in an isolated system changes phase, the total amount of mass does not change.
在孤立系统内物质的物理或化学性质的变化过程（例如固体升华为气体）中，总质量保持不变。

The fact is that we got to like the simplicity of it, how physical action A produced result B.
事实是，我们喜欢这种简朴，就像A产生B这样简单的物理反应过程。

Scientific studies suggest that this layer has physical properties that are different from the rest of the upper mantle.
科学研究表明软流层具有与上地幔其它部分不同的物理特性

After setting up normal RBC experimental data, we attempt to develop a rapid test chip capable of distinguishing RBC ill or not.
初步建立正常血球的实验资料后，进一步发展成为能以物理性质即时分辨红血球是否罹病的快速检验晶片。

"Radiogenic decay is at a constant rate over the aeons, which can be measured by physically counting particles, " explained Bouvier.
Bouvier解释说：“放射性衰减亘古恒定不变，由此其可以通过物理学的颗粒计数来测量。”

A major restriction of the physical partition was that each partition had to be contiguous; meaning you could not span multiple drives.
物理分区的主要限制在于每个分区必须是连续的；这意味着不能跨多个驱动器。

properties: absorbent, flexibility is good, comfortable, not easy corrugate, more wear-resisting, but easy to mildew easy to decay.
物理性能：吸湿性强、弹性好、手感舒适、不易起皱、较为耐磨、但易霉易蛀。

Graham grew up outside of Pittsburgh, where his father, a physicist, designed nuclear reactors and his mother raised Graham and his sister.
PaulGraham在匹兹堡的郊区长大。他的父亲是一个设计核反应堆的物理学家，他的母亲在家照看他和他的妹妹。

Out of my friends that were in possession of decent degrees in Physics, I was the only one that carried on to a PhD.
一起读物理专业的同学里，就我一个人读到了博士毕业。

The "first-time smartphone buyer" is a bit of a mythical creature, like a perfect gas in physics, or a unicorn or jackalope.
“首次购买智能机的用户”是一个有点神秘的东西，就像物理学中的理想气体、或是一头独角兽或鹿角兔。

To layfolk, that may be a distinction without much of a difference, but to astronomers it's an important piece of the astrophysical puzzle.
对普通人来说，这点差异或许并没有什么不同。但在天文学家看来，这却是天文物理学难题中极为重要的一部分。

The basic physical structure of the artifact does not change, whether or not the artifact is in document form or captured in a tool.
无论这个工件是采用文档形式，还是在一个工具中维护，它们的基本物理结构是不变的。

In the early part of the last century, something of the same conversation was happening in theoretical physics.
上世纪前期，类似的对话也在理论物理这个学科出现过。

Made of two tiny tin beads usually used to calibrate electron microscope lenses, the snowman was built by the National Physical Laboratory.
这个雪人由英国国家物理实验室制造，使用的材料是通常用来校准电子显微镜透镜的锡珠。

Regrettably they did not seriously speculate what was the definition of time and what was the essence of time.
可惜的是他们的注意力是在物理学上，而并没有认真思考时间的定义和解释时间的本质。

This enables you to ask "what-if" about a particular set of physical design structures before you incur the overhead of implementing them.
这样一来，您就可以在发生应用这些结构产生的开销之前，对一组特定物理设计结构组作出假设分析。

In the physical world, this extra knowledge is often held in the role of an architect.
在物理世界中，这类衍生性的知识常常是被构架师这类的角色所掌握的。

He has an advantage over me in chemistry, but I gain an advantage over him in physics.
他的化学学得比我好，但我的物理比他好。

Ultrasound is commonly used in medical imaging as a matter wave, and is an important object of research in imaging physics.
超声是医学影像中常用的一种物质波，是影像物理学中重要的研究对象。

One of the problems you will solve in the next part is how to handle the ball physics and how to detect which part of the paddle you hit.
你在下一章里要解决的一个内容是如何处理球的物理效果和如何侦测你碰到的是挡板的哪一部分。

A summary of the physical and chemical nature of life must begin, not on the Earth, but in the Sun in fact, at the Sun's very center.
总结生命的物理及化学性质不是从地球开始，而实际上必须从太阳开始，从太阳的正中心开始。

One of the great concerns of modern physics is to marry these two concepts into a single theory of quantum gravity.
现代物理学最关心的问题之一就是将这两个理论用量子引力统一起来。

The Agency also said the earthquake was one of the serial aftershocks.
印尼国家气象和物理机构说，此次强震是一系列余震之一。

Much has been made of this problem, which affects Einstein's physics just as it did Newton's classical description of the world.
这个问题很大程度上影响了爱因斯坦的物理学说就像他影响牛顿传统物理学对世界的描述一样。

Like NFS, each node treats the file system as if it were local and physically attached.
类似于NFS，每个节点都将文件系统看作本地的物理附加文件系统。

You can build a physical model, have an artist render it on paper, or mock it up in X3D and let the interested parties play around with it.
可以构建一个物理模型，让一个艺术家在纸上将其呈现出来，或者使用X3D将其仿制出来，并让有兴趣的团体观看它。

An infant feels hunger or discomfort, and is unaffected except by his own physical condition.
婴儿感到饥饿或难受，并且是未受影响除了由他自己的物理状态。

In addition my ontology includes, as I said, the abstract hierarchy of classes based on those objects.
此外，我的本体论，像我说过的，还包括建立在这些物理对象基础之上各个等级的抽象的类。

And if he is right, he may have opened a window on to a theory of physics known as supersymmetry, which goes beyond the Standard Model.
如果他的构想正确无误，他可能已经开设起一个新平台来研究一种称为“超对称性”的新型物理理论，这也就超出了标准模式理论的控制范围。

It's cool to be very good at anything in a girls school - maths, sciences or physics. No one will ask why you're doing a boys' subject.
在女校擅长数学、科学及物理是件很酷的事情，没人会问你为什么要做男孩感兴趣的事情。

Fascinated by physics, Stephen concentrated in the subject at Oxford's University College, but did not distinguish himself.
由于迷上了物理学，斯蒂芬在牛津大学学院集中精力学习这门学科，但成绩并不出色。

In that way, a WPAR would be able to use all of system's physical memory if there was no contention for memory.
这样的话，如果没有内存争用，一个WPAR可以使用系统的所有物理内存。

The overall aim is to understand the changing roles of physics and of physicists over the course of the twentieth century.
整体目标是要了解物理学与物理学家们在廿世纪中不断变换的角色。

She also taught by example, and invited the physics class to hear the defense of her dissertation.
她用实例来进行她的教育，邀请物理班级的学生去听取她的学位论文答辩。

An instance is a combination of a real (physical) printer and a set of predefined options.
实体是一个真实（物理）印表机和一组预定义选项的组合。

the work of many theoretical and experimental physicists has been able to sort it out.
许多理论物理学家和实验物理学家的工作逐渐把它整理清楚。

The only part of me that connected with him physically was my lips but the connection I felt with him was absolute.
我跟他的物理接触只有嘴唇，而那是如此真切。

Believe it or not, they did not have a University degree in Aeronautical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or any other subject.
信不信由你，他俩既没有航空工程或是数学专业的学士学位，也没有物理或其他任何科目的毕业证书。

I believe that disclosure of my address or other identifying information may result in physical or emotional harm to me or the child.
我相信我的地址或其它识别的信息披露可能产生物理或感情的伤害我或儿童。

Gershenfeld is always difficult for non-physicists to understand, and his video of cells sorting was no exception.
对于不以物理为专业的人来说，Gershenfeld的观点是难以理解的，他那细胞分拣的录像片也不例外。

Army is even looking at partially powering some vehicles by channeling the physical impact of a bullet into a small electrical current.
美国陆军甚至考虑将子弹的物理冲击转化成微弱的电流，为车辆提供部分的能量。

Without some really good software for the bottom screen, it would just be a more frustrating replacement for physical keys and trackpads.
缺少底部屏幕的真正优秀的软件支持，它只能成为物理键盘和轨迹板的怪异替代品。

Nobody knows if it is possible to cut an electron or quark but particle physicists keep trying.
没有人知道分解电子和夸克是否可能，但粒子物理学家们一直在尝试着。

This fact is often expressed in the physics jargon as "energy levels repel each other. "
用物理术语来说，这一事实常称为“能级的相斥”。

The online work economy reflects how the physical location of any person or object has less meaning that it ever has .
在线工作行业反映了任何人或事物的物理位置的意义如何比以前小。

As you can see, the design of the XO laptop is revolutionary from its physical design to its user interface.
如您所见，XO膝上型电脑的设计从物理设计到用户界面都具有开创性。

This paper points out that, in different environment conditions, cloud-physics for the evolution of the microburst may be very different.
在不同的环境条件下，下沉气流发展的云物理过程可以有较大的差异。

As one of the four questions left by the theory of relativity by Einstein, the theory of unified field is still unsolved.
统一场理论，它是目前许多国家理论物理界所研究的尚未解决的问题，它是爱因斯坦相对论中所遗留下来的四个问题之一。

The concept of material to me is quite simple, not so abstract, just to realize things with senses or physical method.
物质对我来讲很简单，没有那么抽象，就是可以用感官或者物理方法去认识的事物。

The receptive field of any vision-related neuron is the area of space in the physical world that influences the activity of that neuron.
视觉相关神经元的接受区，指的是可影响该神经元活性的物理空间区域。

(chemistry and physics) unconstrained or not chemically bound in a molecule or not fixed and capable of relatively unrestricted motion.
（化学、物理学）不受拘束、在化学上不限于分子中、不固定或者能做相对自由的运动。

Taking a physical perspective, the bottom-up approach defines a basic Web service component as the smallest part of the foundation.
从物理的角度来说，自底向上方法将基本的Web服务组件定义为最小的基础部分。

I think he's a physicist or something of that nature.
我认为他是个物理学家或者有着物理学家的气质

The content of any portion of space-time, however scattered, is for me a physical object.
空-时中的任何部分的内容，不管多分散，在我看都是物理对象。

Physicists predicted that particles should be able to form this same arrangement, but no one had been able to achieve it until now.
粒子物理学家预言，应该可以可构成同样的三连环的形式。但直至现在，没有人能够做到。

That would be an example of a vector field that comes up in physics.
这是物理学中向量场的例子。

And I'll need physical therapy and medication for the rest of my life. Well, that costs money. Life costs money. We're doing okay.
而我的余生都得需要进行物理治疗和药物治疗。那得花好大一笔钱。生活本身就要花钱，我们现在过得挺好

The properties of Bose-Einstein condensates are the subject of intense study and many physicists are working to understand them.
有关玻爱凝聚态的特性还在热烈的研究中，许多物理学家正在试图理解这种物态。

When you increase the working set size of a process , you take physical memory away from the rest of the system .
当您增加进程的工作集大小时，您就从系统的其余部分取走了物理内存。

Even they admit that the details of their experimental setup are more likely to be flawed than are the fundamental laws of physics.
甚至他们承认，他们的实验的设置细节与物理学的基本规律相比更可能有些缺陷。

It cannot be measured in physical offerings but only by the wealth of love and frequency of light each party contributes to it.
它不能测量物理的产品，但只有通过爱和光的每一方频率的财富贡献给它。

One of the judges said the young man's work could lead to new developments in heat flow and other areas of physics.
一名评审说这个年轻人的工作将推进热能流程和其他物理领域的新发展。

She reached down and picked one up from the pile that had been the child. The Physics of Time Asymmetry.
她伸手在原来的男孩尸体的那堆书里捡起一本书，一看却是《时间不对称性物理学》。

If the total energy were positive, then for this to be positive, a That's physical nonsense, of course, so this only holds for bound orbits.
如果总能量为正，这也是正的，要是负的。，a，has，to，be，negative。，这都是物理的废话，也只是用于，规则轨道。

Experimentalists now play with single photons or with fields made of a small controlled number of light quanta.
有经验的物理学家们这时已经可以控制单个的光子或者由极少数的光子组成的场。

In his view, when you dug deeply enough into the battery's physical chemistry, that chemistry did not explain how it worked.
在他看来，越是深入研究电池的物理化学特性，这些化学特性反而越不能解释电池到底是怎么工作的。

The topology shown in Figure 1 consists of two physical nodes and a Deployment Manager process running in another physical machine.
图1显示的拓扑包含两个物理节点和一个运行在另一个物理机器的DeploymentManager进程。

Porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of micro-sensors because of its special p.
多孔硅由于其独特的物理、化学和光学性能及技术优势，已经在微传感器领域得到广泛的应用。

These phenomena may be observed just as well as the phenomena of botany or physics in laboratories, but we seldom see this.
这些现象可以像实验室观察植物或物理现象一样加以观察，但我们很少看到这一点。

Bad idea, it blocks physical damage, provides no regen, and maybe a bit of base damage.
坏的主意，这个格挡了物理伤害，但是不能提供回复，虽然可能有一些的基础攻击力的加成。

Such an approach would seem the only realistic alternative for humans living in a world with biophysical and productivity limits.
这种方法似乎是生活在面临生物物理和生产力局限性的世界中的人类的唯一现实的替代方案。

I've always been interested in nuclear physics and particle physics. I have read many books about it and wanted to see if it worked.
我一直对核物理和粒子物理很感兴趣，我阅读了很多这方面的书籍，想了解它是否可行。

These will help discover the physical characteristics of terms and can be very helpful in assessing the existing quality of the information.
这些工具有助于了解术语的物理性质，对于评估现有信息的质量非常有帮助。

Consider the difficulty involved with mapping requirements at the bottom of the requirements hierarchy to the physical system components.
考虑一下将需求层级的底层需求映射到物理系统组件的难度。

I've introduced you to the main index files in Lucene, hopefully allowing you to understand the physical storage structure of Lucene.
到目前为止我们介绍了Lucene中的主要的索引文件结构，希望能对你理解Lucene的物理的存储结构有所帮助。

Curl will be for next week. Just getting you used to the notation, especially since you might be using it in physics already.
旋度是下周的内容，你们习惯这个记号就行了，你们可能已经在物理课上用到过了。

From bizarre antimatter to experiments that tie light up in knots, physics has revealed some spooky sides of our world.
从奇异的反物质到把光捆扎成结的实验，物理学已经揭示了我们世界的一些幽灵般的奇异方面。

Particularly remarkable is the extent to which their interest in physics dominates the correspondence despite their personal difficulties.
尤其难能可贵的是尽管他们各自都有困难，但他们在通信中对物理学的兴趣竟然占着最重要的位置。

Physicists would have been most upset if the neutrino had not finally been detected.
假如微中子最终没有被探测出来，物理学家会十分苦恼的。

Do you think there will ever come a time when mankind understands all there is to understand about physics?
你认为有一天人类可以理解所有物理现象么？

The son of a nuclear scientist, Charles graduated from Harvard at 16 and went on to get Ph. D. s in Genetics, Psychology and Biophysics.
身为一个原子学专家的儿子，查尔斯十六岁就从哈佛大学毕业，并进而攻读基因学、物理学和生命科学博士学位。

As the sound starts to pulse and contract, our physicists can tell when a photon is going to be emitted.
就当这声音开始脉冲和对比的同时，我们的物理学家可以知道什么时候一个光子被发射了。

The reactive extrusion is one of the physical modify, it has many merits as a new technology of starch modification.
反应挤出法是物理改性一种，作为一种新技术，在淀粉改性中有很多优点。

A relationship correlates at least two semantically equivalent business objects that are represented in different physical formats.
关系将两个（或更多）物理表现形式不同而语义上相同的业务对象关联起来。

The discovery of this "quantum Hall effect" , which had been predicted some years earlier, earned von Klitzing the in 1985.
这一已经预告多年，最正中被称为“量子霍尔效应”的新发现为冯。

acquire the mathematical background and maturity necessary to understand work being done in modern physics and engineering.
获得解决现代物理学和工程学中正在研究的问题，必须掌握数学基础知识和熟练应用数学基础知识的技巧，

Even though the check is not really associated with any physical host, it needs to be bound to a host.
尽管这个检查并不真正地关联于任何物理主机，但是需要将它绑定到一台主机。

Subsequently, mathematicians proved the point in theory and the physicist Huygens invented the pendulum clock on the basis of this theory.
后来的数学家从理论上证明了这一点，物理学家惠更斯根据这一原理研制了摆钟。

An engineer, a physicist, and a lawyer were being interviewed for a position as chief executive officer of a large corporation.
工程师、物理学家和律师在为一家大企业的首席执行官职位接受面试。

But the claim has not gone through the experiment's vetting process and could easily turn out to be wrong, physicists say.
然而物理学家说，宣布该粒子的存在性没有通过实验调查得到证实，可能很容易就证实这一粒子不存在。

Because your NIC's MAC address is permanent, it's often referred to as the "real, " or physical, address of a computer.
因为你的网卡MAC地址是不变的，它常常被认为是“真”的，物理的，计算机地址。

In his project it are the bubbles but this physical interaction can be brought back in many products.
在他的计划是泡沫，但这是物理作用，可带来许多产品回来。

There was no loo in the physio's room, and the Villa changing area was well out of bounds. What about using the referee's room?
物理治疗师的房间里没有厕所，而维拉移动区又实在太远。那么裁判室又如何？

And there is no doubt in my mind that there is still a place for them, though that market is quickly waning.
尽管物理键盘的市场快速萎缩，在我心中仍有它们的一席之地。

Note that at higher frequencies, the physical length of a cable is different from its electrical length.
请注意，在高频下，电缆的物理长度与其电气长度不同。

Electronic commerce comes out ahead over retail in a physical store with regard to environmental impact, he said.
电子商务出来前进，在零售商店与物理环境的影响方面，他说。

Under implementing the great background of new curriculum, coaching Physics Olympiad as a school-based curriculum is of specific value.
在实施新课程的大背景下，作为校本课程的物理奥赛辅导有其特定的价值。

"When he continued to ask questions and debate teacher, the teacher ridiculed him: " This is Mupan Ba physical problems.
当他继续提出问题与老师辨论时，老师讥讽他：“这是姆潘巴的物理问题。”

Russell Smith's Open Dynamics Engine (ODE) is an open source physics engine with which you can simulate articulated rigid body dynamics.
RussellSmith的OpenDynamicsEngine（ODE）是一个开源的物理引擎，使用它可以仿真铰接式固形体运动。

Physicists detected particles travelling faster than light, which, if the reading was accurate, means time travel is possible.
物理学家发现粒子运行速度超过光速，如果测量度数准确无误，那就意味着时间旅行是可能的。

You know, from physics to medicine , in particular, epidemiology and also mathematical modeling .
从物理学到医学，尤其是，传染病学和数学建模。

When you create one, you do not implicitly create all the resources that are necessary to physically implement the topology.
创建对象，并不意味着创建了物理实现拓扑所需的所有资源。

No matter how the physical world changes, the field of thought always tends to be ordered.
无论物理世界怎么变化，思想的世界一定是以有序作为旨趣的。

Sure, physicists have to be proficient in mathematics, but the main thing is to have that curiosity and drive.
当然，物理学家必须精通数学，但最主要的是要有好奇心和驱动器。

